well howdy there Internet people let's
bow again so tonight we're gonna talk
about a common emotion a feeling a
sentiment a comment that keeps getting
made it's made by people who look like
me and it's about everything that's
going on in the country right now and
we're going to talk about it because
while this has shown up in various
comment sections for a while it showed
up in mine last night so basically all
the comments are different but they boil
down to the idea of well I don't think
that I should have to feel guilty about
this okay cool
so we're gonna talk a little bit about
guilt tonight years ago my eldest son
for whatever reason loved running around
the island in the kitchen with the
cabinet doors open jumping over them
like hurdles and his younger brothers
loved it too they would just laugh and
laugh and of course you know the first
time I see him doing it I'm playing
don't do this this is a bad idea you
know eventually you're gonna fall you're
gonna get hurt you're gonna break the
door whatever and being a kid of course
that means he stopped immediately when I
was around one day and on the garage and
I hear him running I hear his younger
brothers laughing and then I hear the
crash
and I walk inside he's laying on the
floor and I'm like he all right
and he's like yeah and then he's just
staring at the cabinet door half of it
the half that's still attached to the
island the other half is in the floor so
I grab the screwdriver and I start
taking the part that's still attached I
start taking it off
and while I'm doing that he tells me
he's like I'm sorry I feel bad he felt
guilt okay we couldn't go straight to
the hardware store
so the broken door the two pieces of the
door were leaning up against the island
and there's a giant open space where
there used to be a door for like three
or four days this whole time he gets to
see it and he feels bad about it
eventually we go to the hardware store
get the stuff bring it home I have him
fix it mainly to give him some basic
carpentry skills and also because if you
break it you fix it his younger brothers
would have been out there too had they
been a little bit older because they
were in on it they benefited from it
they were laughing so he fixes it and
puts back together puts it up himself
looks good he did a good job with it
while he was fixing and he told me again
how bad it made him fill I would imagine
in the years since he hasn't thought
about that door if he did he didn't feel
guilty about it because he fixed the
door I hope you get where I'm going with
this
nobody cares if if you feel guilty
that's not an actual part of this I have
worked with activists BM BLM activists
Panthers from Michigan to Florida
precisely zero of them have ever cared
whether or not I felt guilty that didn't
factor into it at all they just wanted
the door fixed that was that that was it
people say you know we need to get over
it we need to move on we can't get over
it right now we're in that period where
we're on our way to the hardware store
you're gonna have to hear about it sorry
and I feel like this should go without
saying but I guess not
perhaps the minor emotional
inconvenience that is occurring to guys
that look like me right now
isn't really a big piece of the puzzle
maybe that's not something that is is
really that important maybe what's
important is fixing the door once we fix
the door we can move on it can become a
part of history rather than something
that's currently going on then we can
get over it then we can move on nobody
cares if you feel guilty they care if
you've got your wood glue let's just fix
the door anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night